
Source Control Tool/Configuration Management Tool/Version Control Tool/Source Code Management Tool
. GitHub
. SVN(Sub Version)
. CVS(Concurrent Version System)
. Perforce


Its a decentralised repo in which source code of the framework can be stored. 
It provides web Ui, can be easily accessible anywhere in the world thru internet
There are two plugins available in Git.
1. GitHub
2. Git

GitHub: Its a cloud based de-centralized repo, 
where we shud create an account with github community in order to use it
Basically github is a storage where we can create our own repo, 
that repo can hold the data (Based on money you pay, you get space-10GB-10TB etc) 
that is being shared across the world.

Adv of GitHUb:
1. Its a cloud based de-centralized repo.
2. No need to invest money for physical hardware.
3. No need of admin to maintain the storage.
4. It Provides web Interface.
5. can be easily accessible anywhere in the world thru internet.
6. It provides security and backup facility.


Git:

Its a client plugin which shud be installed in local system which is used to access github over the internet.
Without Git plugin we cant communicate to github.
There are many plugins available in market.
1. E-Git(Eclipse-Git) - Default plugin for latest eclipse.
2. Git-Bash(cmd prompt)
3. Git Desktop(cmd prompt)



How to create account with GitHub?
Go to google, search for github login
Navigate to https: github.com/login
Click on create an account by providing the details 


How to create a repo in github?
Login to github
1. Go to + drop down menu and click on new repo
2. Give Repo Name and click on checkbox initialise repo with readme
3. Go to Code dropdown and copy the git repo url - 
	https://github.com/raghavendravinayb/ActitimeRepo.git
username: 
password: 

How to share existing framework in eclipse thru git.

1. Select the project, Right Click --> Team --> Share Project, create(Path)-finish-finish
NO-HEAD means succussfully shared

How to transfer framework from working directory to git
select proj-> right click-> Team-> Commit
Go to Git Staging window, drag all the files from unstaged area to staged area->
Give commit message->Commit


Transferring framework from local repo to global;
right click on Project-> team-> push branchmaster


How to get the framework from global repo into local system?
Pre-Cond: Make sure you have git username and pwd
1. Go to Eclipse, file-> import
2. expand git-> Proj from git
3. Clone Uri ->URI-> un pw-> next next finish



How to transfer newly created file from local repo to global repo
select new file -> right click -> commit..
Go to git staging window , drag all the files from unstaged area to staged area
->commit message->click on commit and push

how to get new files available in github to local?
select the proj-> right click - team - pull










when you will get conflicts in github and how to resolve?
whenever two eng modifies the same file, when you try to commit that file into github ull get conflict.
In order to resolve this problem, pull the fw using rebase option.






