Cognizant Interview Questions - 4th Feb

1. Tell me about yourself
2. Project details
3. Current role
4. What is API?
5. Request method In Postman 
6. How you cover end to end API Testing 
7. Use of API
8. Why Selenium?
9. Banking domain
10. Retail, corporate, investment banking 
11. Agile (Kansan)
12. SIT and Regression Testing 
13. Use of it
14. Integration Test,  smoke Testing, sanity testing in your project
15. Defect Lifecycle, SDLC,STLC
CTS interview questions:
Tell abt urself
End-to-end testing
Defect cycle
How to customize the complexity in testing
How to prioritise testcase
Exception handling types
Xpath types
Locators 
Inheritance
Class nd interface difference
Abstract
Wait types
Framework using in project
Challenges faced re…
[9:31 PM, 10/25/2021] Noor Jio: Accenture interview/28-07-21/Selenium 2.5 to 4 year experience virtual round.

1. what is difference between assert nd verify
2. select class
3. testing annotations.when and where to use. parameter, groups.
4. what are waits in selenium
5. difference between explicit implicit wait
6. exceptions in selenium and example for each.
7. difference between method overloading and overriding. different with example.
8. what is abstract class.
9. what is encapsulation
10. what is inheritance, give example.
11. collection hierarchy.
12. what are the interfaces which extends collection interface.
13. difference between collection nd collections.
14. difference between findelement and findelements method.
15. which collection concept you used in your project.
16. which f…
HSBC questions:


Focus on this question

Tell about yourself and explain your framework

What is the difference between fileinputstream and fileoutpustream.

Can u write the program for the properties file how you are created in selenium?


Write the code for duplicating a string by using hashmap

Write a program to count the number of words in a string by using hashmap

Write a program for getting sample word which is in this order
Sample
Sampl
Samp
Sam
Sa
S

What is XPath? What are XPath functions?

What are oops concepts?

What is the difference
 between data abstraction and encapsulation where you have implemented in your project?

What are the components of your framework?

What is this and super keyword and difference?

What is javascriptexecutor and when it will be used?